Update workflow-commands-for-github-actions.md (#9426)
github/docs: content/actions/reference/workflow-commands-for-github-actions.md

Stops processing any workflow commands. This special command allows you to log anything without accidentally running a workflow command. For example, you could stop logging to output an entire script that has comments.

{% warning %}

> **Warning:** Make sure the token you're using is randomly generated and different between runs. A **hash** of your `github.token` is a good choice for this.

Reviewer: Would this suggestion still be accurate?
```suggestion
**Warning:** Make sure the token you're using is randomly generated and unique for each run. A **hash** of your `github.token` is a good choice for this.
```

{% endwarning %}

To start workflow commands, pass the token that you used to stop workflow commands.

`::{endtoken}::`

### Example stopping and starting workflow commands

{% raw %}

```yaml

> workflow-command-job:

Reviewer 2: Technically fine but looks a bit off to use four spaces indent for this level and two for all others.

This workflow is valid, but I don't know about the workflow commands so can't sign off on that 😬 

Maybe emphasize that this is a job only and should be inserted into (and further indented to fit into) a workflow file `jobs` section.

Reviewer: 👋 Thanks @anywherepilot - I've updated the YAML in this commit: https://github.com/github/docs/pull/9426/commits/6479a7ffa6f3819c65dffd2bb4fcb48fdcbd3e26

Stops processing any workflow commands. This special command allows you to log anything without accidentally running a workflow command. For example, you could stop logging to output an entire script that has comments.

> To stop the processing of workflow commands, pass a unique token to `stop-commands`. To resume processing workflow commands, pass the same token that you used to stop workflow commands.

Reviewer: 👋 Hi @fhammerl -- I've added this sentence to further explain how the value is used. What do you think of this?

{% warning %}

**Warning:** Make sure the token you're using is randomly generated and unique for each run. As demonstrated in the example below, you can generate a unique hash of your `github.token` for each run.

{% endwarning %}

`::{endtoken}::`

### Example stopping and starting workflow commands

{% raw %}

```yaml
jobs:
  workflow-command-job:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: disable workflow commands
        run: |
          echo '::warning:: this is a warning'

>           echo "::stop-commands::`echo -n ${{ github.token }} | sha256sum | head -c 64`"

Reviewer 3: As mentioned in actions/runner/issues/807, the runner currently echoes the whole `stop-commands` line to the log. Until this changes it may be advisable to use `add-mask` to avoid leaking the resume token, eg:
```suggestion
          echo "::add-mask::`echo -n ${{ github.token }} | sha256sum | head -c 64`"
          echo "::stop-commands::`echo -n ${{ github.token }} | sha256sum | head -c 64`"
```

Reviewer 4: I don't think using the GitHub token for purposes other than authentication is a good idea. Also, it makes the `stop-commands` token deterministic.

Reviewer 3: @ylemkimon The idea to hash the github token for use as the resume token comes from [this GitHub security blog post](https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands/#patching-your-actions-and-workflows)

The documentation is a bit unclear on this, but `github.token` changes every run. From https://docs.github.com/en/actions/reference/authentication-in-a-workflow#about-the-github_token-secret:

> Before each job begins, GitHub fetches an installation access token for the job. The token expires when the job is finished.

Reviewer: I've added an update to this PR to make this clearer 👍

Reviewer 4: Still, the GitHub token is used everywhere, `@actions/checkout` saves it to  git config by default (`persist-credentials: true`), it may be passed to actions. I think a randomly generated string would be better.

Reviewer 4: But adversaries getting aceess to the GitHub token would be more serious issue, so I guess it wouldn't be a much problem.

Reviewer 3: > I've added an update to this PR to make this clearer +1
> https://github.com/github/docs/pull/9426/files#diff-dedecb8a8261bc05cad61be2f94b7531543481eab957be90a173c77f09e2df32R22

That change makes the documentation very clear about the fact that the github token is unique per run :+1:

Unfortunately the example code does still leak the resume token. The fact that it's unique per run makes this difficult to exploit, but not impossible.

I'd still like to have the suggested `add-mask` line added to the example.
